com/example/ezorder/Model/Order.java
 com.example.ezorder.Model.Order
com/example/ezorder/Model/Food.java
 com.example.ezorder.Model.Food
com/example/ezorder/SubActivity/LoginScreen.java
 com.example.ezorder.SubActivity.LoginScreen
 com.example.ezorder.SubActivity.LoginScreen$1
 com.example.ezorder.SubActivity.LoginScreen$2
com/example/ezorder/Model/User.java
 com.example.ezorder.Model.User
com/example/ezorder/Fragment/FoodFragment.java
 com.example.ezorder.Fragment.FoodFragment
 com.example.ezorder.Fragment.FoodFragment$1
 com.example.ezorder.Fragment.FoodFragment$2
 com.example.ezorder.Fragment.FoodFragment$3
 com.example.ezorder.Fragment.FoodFragment$3$1
 com.example.ezorder.Fragment.FoodFragment$3$2
 com.example.ezorder.Fragment.FoodFragment$3$3
 com.example.ezorder.Fragment.FoodFragment$3$3$1
 com.example.ezorder.Fragment.FoodFragment$3$3$2
 com.example.ezorder.Fragment.FoodFragment$3$4
 com.example.ezorder.Fragment.FoodFragment$3$4$1
 com.example.ezorder.Fragment.FoodFragment$3$4$2
 com.example.ezorder.Fragment.FoodFragment$4
 com.example.ezorder.Fragment.FoodFragment$4$1
 com.example.ezorder.Fragment.FoodFragment$4$2
 com.example.ezorder.Fragment.FoodFragment$4$3
 com.example.ezorder.Fragment.FoodFragment$4$4
 com.example.ezorder.Fragment.FoodFragment$4$4$1
 com.example.ezorder.Fragment.FoodFragment$4$4$2
com/example/ezorder/SubActivity/SplashScreen.java
 com.example.ezorder.SubActivity.SplashScreen
com/example/ezorder/Model/Role.java
 com.example.ezorder.Model.Role
com/example/ezorder/Adapter/UserFragmentAdapter.java
 com.example.ezorder.Adapter.UserFragmentAdapter
com/example/ezorder/Adapter/FoodFragmentAdapter.java
 com.example.ezorder.Adapter.FoodFragmentAdapter
 com.example.ezorder.Adapter.FoodFragmentAdapter$ViewHolder
com/example/ezorder/BuildConfig.java
 com.example.ezorder.BuildConfig
com/example/ezorder/Adapter/RoleFragmentAdapter.java
 com.example.ezorder.Adapter.RoleFragmentAdapter
 com.example.ezorder.Adapter.RoleFragmentAdapter$ViewHolder
com/example/ezorder/OrderScreen.java
 com.example.ezorder.OrderScreen
 com.example.ezorder.OrderScreen$1
 com.example.ezorder.OrderScreen$1$1
 com.example.ezorder.OrderScreen$1$2
 com.example.ezorder.OrderScreen$1$3
 com.example.ezorder.OrderScreen$2
 com.example.ezorder.OrderScreen$3
com/example/ezorder/Adapter/ChefAdapter.java
 com.example.ezorder.Adapter.ChefAdapter
 com.example.ezorder.Adapter.ChefAdapter$ViewHolder
com/example/ezorder/Model/Table.java
 com.example.ezorder.Model.Table
com/example/ezorder/Adapter/TableFragmentAdapter.java
 com.example.ezorder.Adapter.TableFragmentAdapter
 com.example.ezorder.Adapter.TableFragmentAdapter$ViewHolder
com/example/ezorder/ChefScreen.java
 com.example.ezorder.ChefScreen
 com.example.ezorder.ChefScreen$1
 com.example.ezorder.ChefScreen$1$1
 com.example.ezorder.ChefScreen$2
 com.example.ezorder.ChefScreen$2$1
 com.example.ezorder.ChefScreen$2$2
 com.example.ezorder.ChefScreen$2$3
 com.example.ezorder.ChefScreen$2$4
 com.example.ezorder.ChefScreen$3
 com.example.ezorder.ChefScreen$4
com/example/ezorder/Model/Bill.java
 com.example.ezorder.Model.Bill
com/example/ezorder/SubActivity/Order_Sub_1.java
 com.example.ezorder.SubActivity.Order_Sub_1
 com.example.ezorder.SubActivity.Order_Sub_1$1
 com.example.ezorder.SubActivity.Order_Sub_1$2
 com.example.ezorder.SubActivity.Order_Sub_1$3
 com.example.ezorder.SubActivity.Order_Sub_1$3$1
 com.example.ezorder.SubActivity.Order_Sub_1$3$2
 com.example.ezorder.SubActivity.Order_Sub_1$3$2$1
 com.example.ezorder.SubActivity.Order_Sub_1$3$2$2
 com.example.ezorder.SubActivity.Order_Sub_1$3$2$3
 com.example.ezorder.SubActivity.Order_Sub_1$3$2$4
com/example/ezorder/Adapter/Order_Sub_1_Adapter.java
 com.example.ezorder.Adapter.Order_Sub_1_Adapter
com/example/ezorder/MainActivity.java
 com.example.ezorder.MainActivity
 com.example.ezorder.MainActivity$1
 com.example.ezorder.MainActivity$2
 com.example.ezorder.MainActivity$3
com/example/ezorder/Fragment/TableFragment.java
 com.example.ezorder.Fragment.TableFragment
 com.example.ezorder.Fragment.TableFragment$1
 com.example.ezorder.Fragment.TableFragment$2
 com.example.ezorder.Fragment.TableFragment$2$1
 com.example.ezorder.Fragment.TableFragment$2$1$1
 com.example.ezorder.Fragment.TableFragment$2$1$2
 com.example.ezorder.Fragment.TableFragment$2$2
 com.example.ezorder.Fragment.TableFragment$2$2$1
 com.example.ezorder.Fragment.TableFragment$2$2$2
 com.example.ezorder.Fragment.TableFragment$3
 com.example.ezorder.Fragment.TableFragment$3$1
 com.example.ezorder.Fragment.TableFragment$3$2
 com.example.ezorder.Fragment.TableFragment$3$2$1
 com.example.ezorder.Fragment.TableFragment$3$2$2
com/example/ezorder/Fragment/UserFragment.java
 com.example.ezorder.Fragment.UserFragment
 com.example.ezorder.Fragment.UserFragment$1
 com.example.ezorder.Fragment.UserFragment$2
 com.example.ezorder.Fragment.UserFragment$2$1
 com.example.ezorder.Fragment.UserFragment$2$2
 com.example.ezorder.Fragment.UserFragment$2$3
 com.example.ezorder.Fragment.UserFragment$2$3$1
 com.example.ezorder.Fragment.UserFragment$2$3$2
 com.example.ezorder.Fragment.UserFragment$2$4
 com.example.ezorder.Fragment.UserFragment$2$4$1
 com.example.ezorder.Fragment.UserFragment$2$4$2
 com.example.ezorder.Fragment.UserFragment$3
 com.example.ezorder.Fragment.UserFragment$3$1
 com.example.ezorder.Fragment.UserFragment$3$2
 com.example.ezorder.Fragment.UserFragment$3$3
 com.example.ezorder.Fragment.UserFragment$3$4
 com.example.ezorder.Fragment.UserFragment$3$4$1
 com.example.ezorder.Fragment.UserFragment$3$4$2
com/example/ezorder/Fragment/RoleFragment.java
 com.example.ezorder.Fragment.RoleFragment
 com.example.ezorder.Fragment.RoleFragment$1
 com.example.ezorder.Fragment.RoleFragment$1$1
 com.example.ezorder.Fragment.RoleFragment$1$2
 com.example.ezorder.Fragment.RoleFragment$2
 com.example.ezorder.Fragment.RoleFragment$3
 com.example.ezorder.Fragment.RoleFragment$3$1
 com.example.ezorder.Fragment.RoleFragment$3$1$1
 com.example.ezorder.Fragment.RoleFragment$3$1$2
 com.example.ezorder.Fragment.RoleFragment$3$2
 com.example.ezorder.Fragment.RoleFragment$3$2$1
 com.example.ezorder.Fragment.RoleFragment$3$2$2
 com.example.ezorder.Fragment.RoleFragment$4
 com.example.ezorder.Fragment.RoleFragment$4$1
 com.example.ezorder.Fragment.RoleFragment$4$2
com/example/ezorder/Adapter/OrderAdapter.java
 com.example.ezorder.Adapter.OrderAdapter
com/example/ezorder/ManagementScreen.java
 com.example.ezorder.ManagementScreen
 com.example.ezorder.ManagementScreen$1
